---
id: never-to-be-forgotten
title: Never to be forgotten experience!!
created: 2020-05-05
intro: >
  Everyone sure has some moment in their life which they can never forget. I have got <b>2 major</b> incidents in my life which I will never be able to forget! But the amazing fact is that not just me but thousand of people are part of either or both of the incidents. These incident will live in my mind and heart as long as I am alive, and also will be remembered for ages! <i><b>Year 2072 B.S.</b> and <b>Year 2020 A.D.</b></i>
tags:
  - COVID-19
  - Earthquake
---

Life is all about ups and down. Sometimes you feel really happy and sometimes you feel realy sad, sometimes you are filled with courage and sometimes you are scared of everyting! So it would not be wrong to say that everyone has once in their life already faced the moment which they can never forget for the entirety of their life. Although I have faced two major incidents in my life till date, which will always be imprinted in my brain and heart. They will be giving me nightmares for the rest of my life.

It is not in the control of anyone, but *I just hope no one will ever have to go through any such situations!*

## **Year 2072 B.S.**
I had already seen lots of problems in my life, but this year **2072 B.S.** did something on a very large scale to made me (*Along with thousands of other people*) never forget about it! The massive earthquake that destroyed big cities and villages in *Nepal*, and shook the entire world with the destruction it had done. Nepal is and always was in major threat of getting with a quake due to it's geology. But the strength of the quake this time was like never felt before. I too was somehow habitutated to facing minor earthquakes now and then, but this one had set a new level to it's power.

People believed it was a major earthquake seen after around 90 years. My grandfather always used to talk about the *1990 B.S.* earthquake which he had faced at a very young age of less than 10. I used to fear hearing about what destruction an earthquake could do. Facing it was much more than what I expected. After this experience my thoughts of earthquake and it's consequences have changed for ever!

It was just a normal day but after what happened, I will never be able to forget the date: **Baisakh 12<sup>th</sup> 2072 B.S.**. This is the day when I actually started fearing about death for real. I have ambitions like everyone else, but since this date, my first goal in the life is to reamin alive.

Like I said, it was just a normal day with normal activities going around. But all of a sudden a massive earthquake hit Nepal with epicenter being **Gorkha**, not for away from Kathmandu (*where I live*). So everything was shaking just like a swing; back and forth. Even though people are always taugh about emergency situations like this, but all those I had learnt never came into my mind when the earthquake hit. I was just watching television when the earthquake hit, and all I did was threw the remote control and ran outside like crazy; wishing to be alive from the deadly situation. After few seconds I did get my consiousnes back and realized what is most effective at the moment. Then first of all, I hid myself at a safe location (*for the time being*) and started thing about my family. I was all alone at the house; sister was out at neighbour's house, mother and father were out somewhere for some task! I started frightening thinking about them more than the situation I was in with the ground shaking. That is when I realized I love my family more than I think of.

Few seconds of tremendous amount of shaking, and the earthquake was gone like nothing happened. Then I look around and see all the people around me were frightened just like I was, because it was something no one of us had ever experience before. I tried to get in contact my family, but the mobile signals were not working at all (*Becuase of everyone using their phone to get in contact with the loved ones just like me*). So the first thing I did was rushed to nighbour's house to fetch my sister. As soon as that happened, All of the people in the community decided to head off to the open ground close by where we could all be safe from any upcoming earthquake hits. Fortunately no major damage had happened in my community apart from some damage to the houses and some walls. All the people nearby safely gathered at the open ground. Few moments after we got there we heard many news from people coming from various places about the amount of destruction that the earthquake has done. We got to know that massive building were down like they were made up of wood, grounds on various places were torn apart like it was just a piece of paper and much more. But the most frightening news was lots of people were stuck in this accident and are no more. I really started fearing at this moment becuase mom and dad were out somewhere and I was not able to make a call to them. Fortunately they were back within half an hour and I was relived to have my family safe. Along with my sister, mom and dad, my uncle, aunt and cousin living not for from us were safe as well. We were gathered at the same open ground.

But the terror was not over yet. The more and more news coming about thousand of deaths happening was already frightening, but also we were also experiencing more and more after effects of earthquake. It was not as strong as the initial one, but anything was enough to make us frightened at the moment. Event a slightest of the movement in the ground was enough to make people scream. People completely abandoned their houses for days to live in that open ground by creating a temporary shelter. We too did the same thing with the hope of staying alive. The temporary shelters in that open ground had some stuffs to keep us safe from the cold coming from the ground, and some roof out of hard plastic covers (used for building tent alike stuffs) to keep us safe from anything coming from above. But the things went worst when the sky started pouring for days and nights. We all were already in terror of the shaking ground and the heavy rainfall made it even worst. The most important thing that kept the terror alive in everyone's brain and heart was the news about thousands of people dead, hundreds of buildings falling down and lots of people still missing.

With days going on the earthquake slowed down and with the sky pouring, people started to move back to their houses. But another shake (second largest to the initial one) forced people to get back to the open ground with their temporary shelters once again. This lasted for a short period though because of the vanishing earthquake effects. But even with the earthquake completely vanishing, the fear of it is still deep within out mind and heart.

Even today when I hear about earthquake happening anywhere in the world, the whole event I had faced flashes right infront of my eye. I don't think if I will ever be able to forget about this event for the rest of my life. But I am really thankful I came out safe from this entire event where lots of people lost their life!

## **Year 2020 A.D.**
Life was really close to being normal after the last incident which change the life of lots of people. But mother nature didn't like that at all. Just within 4 years here comes another incident which has not just changed the life of me and my country but the entire world. Right now (*as of writing this*) the world is facing the terror with the risk of mankind completely vanishing from the planet earth. It's been few months now since the initial case of **COVID-19** was first seen. Unfortunately since then thousands of people have already died of it, and lots more and still affected. Since this is a new problem to the entire world, no actual cure has been discovered yet and that is raising the terror in people's mind to a next level. Lots of people along with me are afraid if we will get infected with this virus.

I am just too aftraid of being infected from the virus. And the terror goes to a extremely high level because the count of deaths of people around the world due to it reminds me of the last incident which has a major impact of my life. Thankfully I and the ones I know are still safe from it, but hearing about death trools becuase of this issue brings terror and sadness in me. But it is the sad truth everyone will have face.

For the time being the entire nation is under lockdown situation, and I myself am in self quarantine so that the problem will never be able to get to me and my known ones. The life in quarantine is going really crazy. I am not able to get out of my house, I am not able to meet my friends and relatives, and lots more.. And this is not a good feeling at all. Being inside the house all the time is not a new thing to me, because I am kind of person who can remain inside the house for the entire time using computer, mobile and Television. But getting to know you cannot get out of the house really gives the pain.

Even with all the problems going around the world, I am somehow happy with the fact that I am still safe and sound. I keep praying if the world gets free from this problem as soon as possible. I am personally remaining inside the house and keeping myself and the ones I know aware about it to help solve the problem as soon as possible. That is what you should do too. Though this problem has left a really big impact on my brain and heart once again. The wounds from the previous impact were not over yet, and this new wound is ready to give the fear.

---

At the age of 22 I have already faced two major incidents never to be forgotten for the rest of my life. And there are hundres of other incidents which are not as big as these but still has affected me a lot. I wonder how much I am yet to face in my life..

But as it said, "The show must go on!", my life has to go on as well.

Until next time, **Stay Safe**!